Made Larry's suggested changes (#17)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/03.methods.md

We downloaded an xml snapshot of this repository on February 3, 2020 from   bioRxiv's Amazon S3 resource [@url:https://www.biorxiv.org/tdm] that contained the full text and image content of 98,023 preprints.
Preprints on bioRxiv are versioned, and in our snapshot 26,905 of 98,023 contained more than one version.
When preprints had multiple versions, we used only the latest one. 

> Preprints in this snapshot were grouped by researchers at bioRxiv into one of twenty-nine different categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preprints in this snapshot were grouped by researchers submitting to _bioRxiv_ into one of twenty-nine different categories.
```

We randomly sampled 50 articles from each bin for manual annotation.
We shuffled these four sets to produce a list of 200 potential preprint-published pairs with a randomized order.
We supplied these candidates to two scientists to manually determine if each link between a preprint and a putative matched version was correct or incorrect.
After the curation process, we encountered eight disagreements between reviewers.

> These disagreements were supplied to a third scientist, who carefully reviewed each case and made a final determination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preprint-publication pairs on which reviewers disagreed were supplied to a third scientist, who carefully reviewed each case and made a final determination.
```
